♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
Ah, why do I look like such a mess?
Are you trying to look good in front of me?
Huh?
I also... want to look good in front of you.
My goodness, seriously.
♫ In a distance, I see you ♫
♫ My heart is pounding ♫
♫ Do you know I'm like this? ♫
♫ You took my heart from the beginning ♫
Eutteum, are you crazy?!
Why? You said you like me! I like you, too,
so I wanted you to have the courage and I kissed...
What are you saying, you bastard?
If you drank that much, you should have gone home and slept peacefully, you crazy...
Hey! Come back here!
I'm sorry!
Wow.
Wow, of all the—
Oh gosh...
Gosh, really...
How dare you kiss me without permission?
A kiss that I haven't done in 10 years...
10 years. 10 years!
Why does it not feel like 10 years though?
After that, it felt very unpleasant.
- What was?
- Do you not remember?
♫ Every day, I find a light to make me shine ♫
♫  Even I have to wait a bit, it's all right ♫
Ah...
Oh my, oh my, oh my.
Oh my.
Do I look at it or no?
If I look at it, I will probably seem like I have no manners, right?
You also wouldn't feel good if someone opened your cell phone.
Should I look at it once? Just once.
Yeah. Right? It's fine, right?
Let's see.
[Sperm Candidate 2 - Han Yi Sang]
[Character - 5]
[Stamina - 4]
[Positive Attitude - 2]
[Sociable  - 3]
[Sperm Candidate 1- Choikang Eutteum]
[Character - 4]
[Stamina - 5]
[Positive Attitude - 5]
[Sociable  - 3]
[Character - 5]
[Stamina - 4]
[Positive Attitude - 2]
[Sociable  - 3]
Doha, go and have fun with your friends at the daycare.
Okay, let's go.
- Are you going to work?
- Yeah.
Hey, what are you doing this weekend? You should help me with Doha's first birthday party.
I'm going to take pictures only and not throw a party. Should I use a baby studio?
If there's a good place, introduce me.
Okay.
We should go shopping and eat delicious food.
- Shall we give Doha to Aunt for a bit and go watch a movie?
- Yeah.
Really? It's for real, right?
What should we watch? I'm thinking a romantic one is good. A sweet movie.
Yeah.
- You're not listening to me, right?
- Yeah.
- Hey!
- You scared me!
What's wrong now?
You said it wasn't a man making you upset.
Being single-minded and only liking one man. Don't do that.
Look beside you and select the man who has everything.
Here.
You also have a lot of sins in your life.
What?
What sins do I have?
I'm reborn. I don't let Doha go hungry anymore.
Right, Doha?
Do you not have square-shaped kimbap here?
Do you want to eat this?
Senior, are you not going to eat?
What's the point of eating?
Why are you like this again? We need to get rid of our hangovers.
Hey, let's go eat.
What should we eat? Let's get soup.
You're really not eating?
I should probably eat to survive.
It's refreshing.
Do you... become the chief editor now?
What do you think, Chief Editor Jang?
He wouldn't sue me after all this time, surely...
What? Something tastes nutty? What does?
A woman in her 30's kissed and harassed a
man who she was on good terms with,
and due to the victim's report, was taken for police questioning.
The man said he received a stress disorder from the woman.
Reporter Yoon, it's not uncommon to hear about a woman getting arrested for sexual harassment.
Yes, that's right.
This woman pleaded that she thought men would
definitely like a woman's skinship.
I was surprised by this wrongful mindset.
A life full of sins.
Right, right.
- Hello!
- Welcome!
- The seats...
- We can eat later.
I already ate everything. There's a spot here.
You didn't eat at all.
You should pay!
- I don't have my wallet.
- I'll eat this.
I didn't bring my wallet.
Another bowl, please!
Ugh, well, ugh.
I must be crazy.
Deputy Editor, yesterday... I...
Why did you do that to me?
Because I heard you and Reporter Park talking about you liking me in the reference room.
I... I caused you to misunderstand, didn't I?
I'm sorry. I was talking about your sperm.
No, I'm sorry. The alcohol...
It's okay. Who am I to criticize?
I didn't know my sins. I should die...
Thank you, Deputy Editor!
[Episode 8]
[Maybe a misunderstanding, maybe a mistake, maybe... love?]
Oh? Over here.
- Older Brother, here!
- Oh, Eutteum!
You're here, too, Chief Han.
Is it some kind of occasion today?
I see you again.
The guy with 2 stars.
The guy with a triangle.
I... Older brothers...
I can call you "older brothers," right?
- No.
- I don't like it.
You said it had to do with Hari. What is it?
To be honest, I made a huge mistake with Deputy Editor.
What mistake?
I... think I confessed wrong.
What confession?
Oh, you caused an accident?
You borrowed money but can't pay it back?
I think I like Deputy Editor.
Hey, young friend, what's with the "I think?"
The term "like" is a little too light.
The term "admire" is too heavy...
I think it's in the middle somewhere?
But why did you confess?
That'll get you a scolding from Hari.
I did get scolded while drunk.
I was going to officially do it again, so I'm wanting advice from you two.
We're also like allies, right?
No. We're not.
No, you should try it once.
Since she likes receiving attention,
prepare an event in Myeongdong where everybody who passes by can see.
- An event?
- With a huge flower bouquet.
- A million flowers is good.
- Right.
And... you can't leave out singing and dancing.
Looking at you, you should learn to b-boying. (breakdancing)
B-boying?
But the trend for 2020 is the Bongsan Mask Dance. It's a trend over in Hongdae.
Wow, you know stuff.
And it's good to prepare an instrument.
- The gong?
- Castanets.
- Triangle.
- Ajaeng (a bowed seven-stringed instrument).
Those are good, too.
If you can, a saxophone.
Wow, so nice.
Older brothers... I actually majored in the saxophone.
That's good, man! A saxophone serenade!
There will be videos popping up on social media.
Hari will really like it.
You're such a romantic.
What do I do with my shoulder? My shoulder...
What if he's actually cool?
I didn't think about that.
Hari sometimes gets obsessed with weird things.
Mr. Eutteum?
But you know a one-sided confession may make the other feel troubled.
Especially if it's Jang Hari.
I know.
I think Deputy Editor has an interest in me because I have a lot of sperm.
Lot?
You have a lot?
Yeah. 10 times the average.
- Wow.
- Does Jang Hari know that, too?
Yes. I told her I'd give it to her, but I think she's thinking over it.
So you're... the legendary sperm king?
That's why... there are two stars.
[Dachae Media]
Deputy Editor, I have a question.
Between a Bongsan Mask Dance and b-boying, which do you like better?
Bongsan what?
I'm thinking about learning to dance.
Which do you like better?
Pick whatever you want. I'm not a fan of either.
Both of them are not good, I see.
Why am I getting goosebumps all of a sudden?
Deputy Editor!
- What kind of song do you like?
- What?
I'm planning to practice singing, so what song do you like?
Well, whatever you like. I don't particular... ly.
What's this? Why am I feeling chills all of a sudden?
So cold.
Are you going out to do an interview?
This time, between the alto saxophone and the soprano saxophone,
which do you like better?
Mr. Eutteum...
If you're planning to prepare something because you feel sorry towards me, don't do it.
I can't see anything right now.
I'm sorry. It seems I made a huge mistake so...
I think it's best if you leave quickly from here.
- What?
- Hurry and go inside.
Why does the back of my head itch all of a sudden?
Chief, isn't this Deputy Editor's?
That's probably hers. It's been there for some time. She must have left it.
Give it to her.
She wouldn't find it there.
[DoReMi Song]
You read Deputy Editor's column, right?
How is she going to get pregnant?
If you guys don't know that, how would I know?
It seemed like there was someone.
Then we've got to help her out.
Ms. Hari doesn't know how to seduce a man at all.
Director! Director, you shouldn't give love advice.
I had a lot of women interested in me back in the day.
Great... he's talking about "back in the day."
You're just going to suggest something lame, like slipping her a message asking to meet in front of the fountain.
I'm at a loss for words. What do you take me for, a college student during the tumultuous seventies?
If you like someone, just tell them! A frontal attack—
No, no. Seduction is not me having to move,
but making the other move.
How?
Oh my god, what a shock!
You surprised me.
Sorry.
I've never watched someone eat before.
Dongha, you slide down, and then Boram, then Sooha.
Okay, now look at him and smile. Okay?
- Yes.
- Right.
He said he'd cut it off coldly...
Why's he staring at me like that?
You should subtly show that you're interested in them...
by your actions.
Just enough to get their attention.
But if you do it too obviously, then it's counterproductive.
For the next cut, they should hang upside down.
And I think a playful expression would be good...
Why are you not looking at me when you talk? It's bothering me.
Well... It's just... a bit weird to look at you.
Are you... trying to act pretty?
Me? Why would I?
Putting my hair behind my ear?
- You did that.
- No...
Is this acting pretty? It's only because my hair is falling.
I'm just putting my hair behind. Look!  How does it look like I'm acting pretty?
No, why... are you obviously... hitting on—
No, don't be like this.
No, what do I not do?
Is it a trauma?
I can't even push back my hair.
I see that it couldn't be me because he feels unpleasant when I hit on him.
The shock must have been huge.
He won't even let me look at him.
Geez, I need some relief.
Oh, it's so spicy, so spicy.
She can't handle spicy foods, so why...
When you talk, you should whisper.
If you whisper, people instinctively move their ear closer.
Then... the faces get closer.
Then... wow! They'll, of course, be nervous.
Oh my god... that was so spicy!
Why are you whispering? Speak loudly.
Because it's spicy.
Ah, so spicy!
Oh, oh! Why are your breathing sounds like that?
Why are you... do you have to eat the candy that way?
Do you want some candy? I ate it by myself. I'm sorry.
Here you go.
No, no! Stop, stop. If you keep doing this,
i- it'll be really dangerous.
No, well...
What becomes dangerous?
Doctor, I'm unnecessarily so healthy.
In my opinion, you're unnecessarily logical.
You do know the phrase that it becomes a disease if you hold it in too long? Don't hold it in.
I already told you... the woman wants a child.
I was an "X,"  but I must still be a candidate.
- Sorry?
- Doctor, I'm not even asking for a star. Just a triangle...
Even a triangle will do.
Ah, I need to choose between b-boying and the masked dance.
What is he thinking about that has him so serious?
Senior.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
You're coming from the studio, right?
Yes.
What about Chief Han?
No. He left.
- What is that?
- Red ginseng. I need the energy.
Senior! Since I can't be the only person receiving advice, I'm going to give you some advice as well.
- In order to seduce a man...
- Hey.
Whoa! Thank you.
What's that supposed to mean? Shut up and eat this?
It's quick judgment meaning it's not even worth listening to it.
Yum.
Huh? Why? There's no photoshoot today.
I was going to check the background papers. If there's none, I'm going to have to prepare it.
Are you going somewhere?
Ah, the hospital.
Nobody is in the studio, right?
Oh...I don't know where Chief Han is.
Take a look, and then lock the door before you leave.
Okay.
Bye.
I should check quickly.
Okay, the feed...
Quickly, quickly. Oh? Why is it so stuck?
Oh my, I'm sorry. No, thank you. I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
- Yes, yes, I'm okay. Excuse me!
- Yes?
I remembered.
About what?
That day... when we first met each other...
I did something bad. I now understand what you meant by saying you were offended.
Okay.
Is that it?
Do I... need to say more?
Since it's all... in the past.
But still, you said you were offended.
I mean, I have no excuse if you were to sue me, but...
It wasn't so unpleasant that I would sue you for it.
At the time... my feelings were irritable and on edge.
Yeah... but it was a warm...
consolation.
Then why is it so complicated for you now?
Back then, it was feeling that we could forget once we walked away,
but now, it's not the case for me or you...
Although it was momentary.
Jang Hari.
But...
are you sure you saw me as a man?
What?
If you're not a man, then what are you?
Hey! You need to get ready to go to work.
That... That punk.
Our Doha likes beef soup, right?
If you go today, the teacher will give it to you. Eat a lot.
She's coming, she's coming.
Hey. Realistically, what man in Korea would give you his sperm?
Besides a weird man.
Einstein said this,
"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age 18."
Stop insisting that your opinion is correct because it's "common sense."
There are certainly people out there who have donated with good intentions, so stop looking down on it.
I know your situation and I understand how you feel,
but I'm wondering if this is realistically possible. And of all people...
Why are you nagging at me when I'm taking Doha around.
- What are your requirements?
- What do you mean?
For the sperm. What are your sperm requirements?
I require a one-time success.
Hey! How do you know that? Do you need a scanner to see through?
It means I'm looking for someone who is young, healthy, and does not drink or smoke.
- And that... is Eutteum?
- What?
Did you decide on Eutteum?
That... Out of the candidates, am I not in there?
Then will you give it to me?
Huh?
I'm... a bit conservative, so...
Why would I give it to you? We can just marry.
Ugh, I really can't stand you. Let's go Sister Jaeyoung! Seriously hate you.
You, really. Every time we talk, it's "sister, sister." Does she think I'm really her sister?
Wait and see. "Honey, honey, honey."
♪ My love, honey ♪ It'll turn into this.
Artificial insemination?
It's not impossible, but I can't confirm it'll be a success.
Why doesn't your friend marry?
She must think it's easier to get sperm rather than a man.
And it's easy to get sperm?
She thinks a sperm donation is like donating blood.
That friend of yours, does she not want a man
or does she not want men?
That...
It's needless to say.
She doesn't have any property?
She's a serious case.
Hey, she could provide for the man and she's pretty. Seriously pretty. And lovely.
Then what's the problem?
There's none.
Sperm donation is probably better than marrying some stern man.
But?
I think it'll feel weird with her marrying, but because she's saying she'll have a baby with someone else...
It can't be undone and I don't feel so good.
What would you do if you undo it? You'll date her?
You should date her right now.
Why? Is she so pretty that she doesn't want to provide for a divorced man with a child?
What's wrong with a divorced man? I even have a beautiful daughter at that!
That's what you think.
Yeah, uh... I'm going.
Go!
Did you eat? I haven't yet.
Let's eat together.
Don't talk to me like nothing happened.
My feelings that weren't there to begin with will drop even more.
Let's take the pictures together for Doha's birthday party since it's a lifetime thing.
I should be in the picture, too.
Don't use Doha. I won't go easy on you.
Are you going to remarry with Jang Hari?
I'm thinking so.
She...
would feel bad if she knew you were using her to hurt me.
Let's eat together next time.
Yes, Reporter Choi?
Eutteum, did you not send the product?
It's not here!
What are you going to do? The model is coming right now.
Yes, yes. Okay. I'll call you again later.
What did they say?
That I didn't tell them. Even though I thought I did.
Are you really going to be like this?
The baby model is coming in from Gyungju. What are you going to do?
I also have a shoot in Chungcheon, so I have to quickly finish and go!
They said they'll call a nearby store, so
I'll hurry and get the product.
Then...
You don't even have a car. Let's go together.
Hurry up. Move, move!
Yes! This is "the baby"! You received the call from headquarters, correct?
Yes! Display products are fine.
Yes. I'll go there right now. Yes, yes.
Hurry and get in.
Okay.
Hurry!
I'm sorry.
Put on your seat belt quickly.
If we need to get a new model, I'm going to call you every night and bother you.
If the shoot gets rescheduled and I get scolded by the chief,
I'm going to nag every morning when you go to work so much that your ears will bleed.
And... if I get cursed at by Senior Hari, I'm going to make you follow me around while I shop on the weekends.
Yes! I can do that.
- What?
- You can call me anytime and use me as a carrier.
Do you think you'll only have to follow me around while I shop?
You also have to buy me food.
Yes, I'll buy it. Even dessert.
Do you think it'll only be dessert? You'll also have to watch a movie with me.
Yes, that's fine. If you have a movie you want to watch, tell me anytime.
I'll get the tickets.
Look over here!
Again!
[JBi Studio]
I'm sorry.
I'll let it pass this once. You can make a mistake since you're new.
But... you shouldn't let your personal life problems get in the way of your work.
- What?
- Tell me.
What are you worried about?
That...
It's nothing.
I don't think it's something I can tell you.
It's just so obvious I think you'll see it before I tell you.
Then, how would you like to tell it?
Don't mess it up by worrying over it alone and work it out with me.
I'll pretend to not know anything.
I... that, to be honest...
I... am planning to confess to somebody...
No, no.
It's nothing.
- Eutteum.
- Yes?
Follow me.
[Han Yisang]
Yes?
Are you at the studio?
Yes.
I think the infertile couple succeeded in their pregnancy.
That's great.
Right? It's great.
Uh... today's photoshoot is getting checked at the hospital.
She was worried that it wasn't going to be good news.
So we need to make sure the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.
Got it. I'll put in the effort.
How are you getting there?
If we went together, it's a bit... Right?
I'll head directly to the hospital. I have something to do before.
Okay. Then I'll see you later.
Yeah, see you later.
- Can you hold onto it for a while?
- Sure thing.
Thank you.
Are you sure you saw me as a man?
I heard the blood results were favorable. It'll be a match.
After three miscarriages and a failed IVF,
I'm afraid to show my happiness, in case I might jinx it.
I know this isn't right.
No matter the negative words, it won't win against your desperation.
It'll turn out well.
You see the baby here, right?
Congratulations. She is pregnant.
Honey.
You did well.
Congratulations!
Thank you.
I don't know yet. I don't think I can let down my guard until it's a sure thing.
Let's just be happy for today.
I'll also wholeheartedly congratulate you.
ETTOI: Premium European Looks for Baby & Child]
When did you prepare something like this?
Honey, look at this. I bet the baby's feet will really be about this size.
It feels weird.
I have something to give you.
This is my present.
What's this?
I know it wasn't easy for me, but I know you have a hard road ahead of you.
Please receive my successful energy.
Thank you.
Is that small thing the baby?
Yes. It's good-looking, isn't it?
It's going to become a great adult.
It really is good-looking.
A baby conceived with such sincerity
would have no reason not to be pretty.
I can't tell you who it is.
Okay.
I have confessed, but I think in the wrong way.
So, in order to properly do it, I got advice but don't think that's it either.
Have you been single all your life?
No. I've received a lot of confessions.
But this is my first time doing it.
You must have dated a lot of girlfriends.
Yeah. But I didn't date them for long.
They all say that they get a lot of anger after meeting me, but I'm not sure why.
I think I know.
But... you must like her a lot.
To the point that you want to confess for the first time.
About that, to be honest...
I'm not quite sure.
I feel drawn to her, but is it love? In any case, we'll have to date first to figure that out.
How irresponsible. Isn't that a bit much?
Is it wrong to confess when you're interested enough to consider dating someone?
When you start dating and your feelings grow, then that becomes love. Right?
Well, if that's how you think of it, then try confessing.
If you follow my instructions, you'll be successful. Write this down.
Yes, of course.
Laying down a candle lined path.
"Laying down a candle lined..."
Making a heart-shaped floral decoration and stand inside it...
"...heart shaped floral decorations and..."
Don't do any of that.
Aren't those the sort of things women like?
Are you going to extinguish all one hundred candles afterward?
I'll probably feel dizzy.
And confessing where there are a tons of people, that's just the worst!
They told me to do it in front of a lot of people.
These brothers, really!
Then what should I do?
You don't anything but a ring.
Car-ti-er.
Car-ti-er? Cartier?
"My one and only love."
They have serial numbers so she would know that ring was hers and hers only.
What more could you need?
"You're my only one." The ring would do all the talking.
C-Cartier, you say?
Car-ti-er. The heart ring.
Twenty-five hundred do—
A ring has a lot of meaning.
It's not that it's a designer brand, it's asking the girl to commit
to being his one and only love.
A promise.
A months' worth of wages...
If you get that, it's over a 250% chance of success.
Am I going to be wearing a ring?
Look at this.
What's this?
We're going to live comfortably. Who needs success?
Living happily is enough.
But if I could hope for a bit, it would be this.
I hope she'll pick the stethoscope.
Why are you putting the one you want there?
Food is the most important.
Don't be silly, health is most important.
Here you go.
Here you go, Doha... My goodness!
Where are you going to have the baby's selection to take place?
(T/N: Korean tradition for the baby to pick a significant object on 1st birthday)
I was planning on doing it when she had her picture taken.
What about the rice cake? Did you order it?
Do we need a rice cake?
How are you going to dress her?
This is pretty.
He didn't prepare anything.
This is pretty, too.
Isn't it?
The studio says they'll lend us a nice outfit.
What if they don't have anything that looks good on her?
They can just make do, I suppose.
"I suppose?"
Couldn't they?
You, you!
This is her one and only first birthday. You've got to dress her nicely!
These colors look so good on you! Oh, how pretty!
- So ugly...
- Have you lost your mind?
Why do you look especially awful today, even worse than usual?
You want to fight? Here? Come at me.
Enough!  You'll make yourself look worse.
Just ring them up.
Are you nuts? Just wait and see if I don't.
Give it.
I'm fine!  It's not that heavy.
Why are you acting like this all of a sudden?
- Give it to me.
- I said it's fine! Why are you like this?
Push that stroller instead.
If you've made a purchase of at least $50, please enjoy a $100 certificate for a Hanwoo dinner.
Is this a lottery drawing?
No, as long as you can show me a receipt that shows you've spent at least $50
and confirm that you're members of the same household, that's all I need.
Honey, do you have that receipt?
Oh, looks like you saved it, Dear. You did good.
You don't need proof of family ties, right?
Just write down your contact info, grab your voucher, and just come in with a family of four.
Baby? You write it down.
Should I? All right, Honey.
That's good.
Those people aren't a couple.
Are you scamming them in order to eat Korean beef?
My goodness...
What is this?
Give me Doha, and you eat.
Come to daddy!
All right, all right.
Oh, goodness.
Doha, because of you, I can't use my hands.
Use them well. You have two hands.
I'm in a situation where I can't use either of them, and I'm very hungry.
Ah, so yummy.
Don't try so hard, Mr. Han Yisang. I don't you're it.
Unless you have something to win against the king.
What nonsense are you saying? To the person who's buying us the meat.
Mr. Han also knows.
Eutteum, to us two, revealed himself to be the king.
He read your column so he should know.
Also, she doesn't have any interest in men.
She has a separate goal in mind.
I know.
But... even if I knew, would anything change?
[Recruiting Students]
"Leather crafts."
I've never tried this before.
Oh, I've never tried this before.
Senior, can I get the contact info for Leila's mother?
Leila's mom? Hold on.
Leila...
Sohyun, my diary— You said it was at Jambi, right?
Yes, it was in the corner table.
You read my diary, didn't you?
You should've gotten angry and argued with me.
How can I get angry at someone who gave me extra 5 points for the character?
You should've gotten angry... in order for me to apologize.
I'm sorry that I graded you that way. I shouldn't grade people in that manner.
I didn't have any expectations of men.
Even then, I didn't look at you as a joke.
I felt the three of you... would have understood and helped me.
Even if you apologized and we reconciled, I can't help you.
That's why I didn't get mad.
I know.
What I want to say is... I didn't know your intentions for asking if I only see you as a man, and that's why I couldn't answer.
Because I was afraid I'd make another mistake.
I don't have any other intentions.
Now... I only see you as a man.
Jang Hari...
Not now, but when you can only think about your heart, give me your answer then.
If you don't, you'll lose me.
Can't you just give in for once?
You know you also have feelings for her.
You should be honest with your feelings once in a while.
Can you get rid of your feelings by hiding them?
I know that I'm wrong and cowardly.
But unfortunately... Jang Hari and I have no chance.
I don't like kids, but Jang Hari is fighting to have one.
It's not a problem of giving in to the other,
we just want different lives.
Is life a taxi? That it'll go in the direction that you want?
It looks like you closed your heart after you broke up with Inah. But it's all in the past.
Just go with your heart.
Live as if you were a cloud being blown about by the wind.
I also want to follow my heart and be like other normal couples,
want to hold the hand that Jang Hari is holding out.
As if it was a mistake, I wanted to sway and
approach you.
I also wanted to hold your hand.
My heart that I closed to not get hurt...
Adults are the ones that need encouragement.
You did well.
[You did well.]
Don't cry.
You, who cried like a baby, came into my heart
and I ached.
To be honest, when we first met... I, who had decided that I would not love anymore,
it was all in vain.
♫ Here I am. I'm by your side ♫
♫ Don’t hide it, your hidden loneliness ♫
♫ I can see your aching heart ♫
♫ I wish I could hold you. Can you hear my heart? ♫
♫ So I’m gonna say I'll be there ♫
I, like you, want to become happy.
Like you, I want to freely say what I want.
♫ Remember the love that stays by your side ♫
♫ It's not too far away ♫
♫ Open your heart and look ♫
♫ Because I’m here, I want to show you my heart ♫
♫ My love is all around ♫
I've gone through the pain, so I know.
♫ Now when I see you, ♫
I'm not the only one that gets hurt.
♫  I feel that you feel the same ♫
The other person gets hurt, too.
♫ I feel your painful moments ♫
♫ My love is all around ♫
Even if you suddenly come into my heart and uproot all my feelings so that I can't come to my senses,
I can just ignore it.
♫ My eyes are filled with you ♫
♫ It's not too far away ♫
♫ Open your heart and look ♫
♫ Because I’m here, I want to show you my heart ♫
♫ My love is all around ♫
We just need to stop wavering.
How do we keep meeting?
How... do you keep appearing?
It's really a coincidence.
I'm going.
How...
are you this pretty?
What if I'm pretty?
What's next?
♫ From a distance,  ♫
♫ I see you. My heart is  pounding ♫
♫ Do you know I'm like this? ♫
♫ You took my heart from the beginning ♫
♫ Even if you close your eyes and cover your ears ♫
♫ My broken heart will beat for you again ♫
♫ If you are listening to this song,  ♫
♫ I want you to know that I mean it ♫
♫ You are so beautiful. I any form ♫
♫ You are so beautiful. I'll protect you ♫
♫ Stay with me. Stay right there. Even if you go ♫
♫ You are so beautiful. I pray that my heart will reach you ♫
[Oh My Baby]
So has your pregnancy project finally ended?
It's only been one day. Pregnancy is still a bit too early, right?
Deputy Editor, hold on. Your hand...
Goodness!
What are you doing?
I don't like you meeting Han Yisang.
He's someone I've been waiting for 10 years.
If Hari knows that you feel differently, she won't see you anymore.
Because it was you, I wanted to share something with you.
But I won't be giving it to you anymore.
♫ Even if I close my eyes and don't listen, ♫
♫ my broken heart... ♫